[Music]
hey toy fans and welcome to toy review
TV for a marvel spiderman build a a
figure collection action figure review
from the Marvel Legends infinite series
in which you can build your very own
green goblin figure should you collect
these six figures in this series there
are variants as well this is a beetle
from the deadliest foes series all the
figures now this is the number 5 figure
in the range II can see of 6 there but
you can also get a boomerang when he is
released there is a variant there as
well for a number 4 for which you can
get a Spider Girl as well but she house
as far as I know not to being a release
yet now these are made by Hasbro and
have an ad recommendation of 4 years and
offers and will cost around 16 and 99 to
purchase there is your Green Goblin
figure if you go out there and collect
every single of the 6 figures in this
wave you can build your very own Green
Goblin figure we do get a leg part
included with this a beetle action
figure but let's take a beetle off the
packaging now see exactly what it looks
like and here we having guys this figure
is greater for display as you can see
you can put this is some are really
awesome poses and it will be stable
because of these very larger feet but
let's have a look after this action
figure the wings do you clip on at the
rear but these will easily detach and we
do have some nice green shading through
the inside of those wings and those will
just clip on to this hole in the rear of
the torso but I'm finding them a little
loose you really have to push those in
there and they do detach it very easily
but not unless you actually try to force
them off like that so let's leave those
wings to one side at the moment so you
can see all of the torso detail there
and we shall check out
the articulation honor this figure if we
have a look at the head you can see we
have a lot of silver going on with this
metallic silver all around this figure
with the Reds as well just setting off
that silver very very nice we have the
yellow eyes and we have this articulated
head which you can rock it left and
right and you can push it down as well
now this head does come off very easily
you can push the head backwards as well
this the joint only said as you can see
is a lot looser than most of the figures
I have been in contact with from this
line so please do be aware of that if
you are positioning they said it might
pop off a few times but it isn't too
much of a bigger deal you can see down
to the torso as well now we have all
that silver shining through not so much
on the realities or confined to the
front of the figure for display purposes
and we have a ball joint at the top of
the arm there we also have the secondary
joint above the bicep and then we have
our joints on the elbow as well which if
I can get that to come out you can see
is a double hinged joint for maximum
display ability possibilities we have a
twisting hand which you can also a rock
as well you can bring that's handy a
little stiff at the moment because it is
brand-new what it will loosen up once it
is a worked a little than both arms are
exactly the same you get all that
articulation we also get that seems to
be standard with these figures a rocking
torso joints as well so you can bring
him back slightly but mostly forwards
and we also have our twisting joint just
above the waist area there as well we
have our joint to the top of the thigh
and a very stiff joint on the leg there
the secondary join just above or just on
the top of the thigh area and we have
again our double hinge joint
two of the knee and our last joint is
our foot which as I say like we do have
a lot of spread on these feasts so this
figure will stand up very well so maybe
you won't need to use an action figure
standard with this like you made it with
some likely black cat for example we do
have our rocking foot there and you can
twist that foot as well so loss of scope
for positioning this figure on display
lady to see standing up straight away
even with all that manipulation this
figure will stand up immediately I think
maybe the red color looks a little
cheaper on this figure then a lot of the
colors on the other action figures the
the red in my opinion does seem to make
the plastic look a little cheaper then
on the most of the other action figures
but please don't let that take anything
away from this action figure it is still
awesome and very worthy of being in this
way love action figures amongst others
so there you go not my favorite from
this wave guys but still an awesome
displayable action figure well as always
thanks very much for tuning into this
review please do feel free to drop in
next time that would be awesome and I
hope to see each and every one of you
then here on toy review TV
[Music]